Updated from cloud FAQ for regional support (#4332)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Frequently-Asked-Questions/index.md

---

## Regions

### Can I choose which region my projects run in?

Yes, you can choose between the West Europe region and US East region.

### Can I move my existing project created on Cloud in the EU region to the US region?

> Yes, you can move a project that was created on Umbraco Cloud in the EU region to the US region by [following these steps](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Getting-Started/Migrate-between-regions/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can move a project that was created on Umbraco Cloud in the EU region to the US region by following the [migrate between regions guide](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Getting-Started/Migrate-between-regions/).
```
